README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img src="/pkg/dashboard/assets/images/polaris-logo.png" alt="Polaris Logo" />
  <br>

  [![Version][version-image]][version-link] [![CircleCI][circleci-image]][circleci-link] [![Go Report Card][goreport-image]][goreport-link]
</div>

[version-image]: https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=Version&message=0.1.4&color=239922
[version-link]: https://github.com/reactiveops/polaris

[goreport-image]: https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/reactiveops/polaris
[goreport-link]: https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/reactiveops/polaris

[circleci-image]: https://circleci.com/gh/reactiveops/polaris.svg?style=svg
[circleci-link]: https://circleci.com/gh/reactiveops/polaris.svg

Polaris helps keep your cluster healthy. It runs a variety of checks to ensure that Kubernetes deployments are configured using best practices that will avoid potential problems in the future. The project includes two primary components:

- A dashboard that provides an overview of how well current deployments are configured within a cluster.
- An experimental validating webhook that can prevent any future deployments that do not live up to a configured standard.

## Dashboard

The Polaris dashboard is a way to get a simple visual overview of the current state of your Kubernetes deployments as well as a roadmap for what can be improved. The dashboard provides a cluster wide overview as well as breaking out results by category, namespace, and deployment.

<p align="center">
  <img src="/dashboard-screenshot.png" alt="Polaris Dashboard" />
</p>

Our default standards in Polaris are rather high, so don’t be surprised if your score is lower than you might expect. A key goal for Polaris was to set a high standard and aim for great configuration by default. If the defaults we’ve included are too strict, it’s easy to adjust the configuration as part of the deployment configuration to better suit your workloads.

### Deploying

To deploy Polaris with kubectl:

```
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/reactiveops/polaris/master/deploy/dashboard.yaml
```

Polaris can also be deployed with Helm:

```
helm upgrade --install polaris deploy/helm/polaris/ --namespace polaris
```

### Viewing the Dashboard

Once the dashboard is deployed, it can be viewed by using kubectl port-forward:

```
kubectl port-forward --namespace polaris svc/polaris-dashboard 8080:80
```

With the port forwarding in place, you can open http://localhost:8080 in your browser to view the dashboard.

### Using a Binary Release

If you'd prefer to run Polaris locally, binary releases are available on the [releases page](https://github.com/reactiveops/polaris/releases) or can be installed with [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/):

```
brew tap reactiveops/tap
brew install reactiveops/tap/polaris
```

When running as a binary, Polaris will use your local kubeconfig to connect to a cluster. There are a variety of options available, but the most common usage will likely be to view the dashboard:

```
polaris --dashboard
```

## Webhook

Polaris includes experimental support for an optional validating webhook. This accepts the same configuration as the dashboard, and can run the same validations. This webhook will reject any deployments that trigger a validation error. This is indicative of the greater goal of Polaris, not just to encourage better configuration through dashboard visibility, but to actually enforce it with this webhook. *Although we are working towards greater stability and better test coverage, we do not currently consider this webhook component production ready.*

Unfortunately we have not found a way to display warnings as part of `kubectl` output unless we are rejecting a deployment altogether. That means that any checks with a severity of `warning` will still pass webhook validation, and the only evidence of that warning will either be in the Polaris dashboard or the Polaris webhook logs.

### Deploying

The Polaris webhook can be deployed with kubectl:

```
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/reactiveops/polaris/master/deploy/webhook.yaml
```

Alternatively, the webhook can be enabled with Helm by setting `webhook.enable` to true:

```
helm upgrade --install polaris deploy/helm/polaris/ --namespace polaris --set webhook.enable=true
```

## Configuration

Polaris supports a wide range of validations covering a number of Kubernetes best practices. Here's a sample configuration file that includes all currently supported checks. The [default configuration](https://github.com/reactiveops/polaris/blob/master/examples/config.yaml) contains a number of those checks. This repository also includes a sample [full configuration file](https://github.com/reactiveops/polaris/blob/master/examples/config-full.yaml) that enables all available checks.

Each check can be assigned a `severity`. Only checks with a severity of `error` or `warning` will be validated. The results of these validations are visible on the dashboard. In the case of the validating webhook, only failures with a severity of `error` will result in a change being rejected.

Polaris validation checks fall into several different categories:

- [Health Checks](docs/health-checks.md)
- [Images](docs/images.md)
- [Networking](docs/networking.md)
- [Resources](docs/resources.md)
- [Security](docs/security.md)

## CLI Options

* `config`: Specify a location for the Polaris config
* `dashboard`: Runs the webserver for Polaris dashboard.
* `dashboard-port`: Port for the dashboard webserver (default 8080)
* `webhook`: Runs the webhook webserver.
* `webhook-port`: Port for the webhook webserver (default 9876)
* `disable-webhook-config-installer`: disable the installer in the webhook server, so it won't install webhook configuration resources during bootstrapping
* `kubeconfig`: Paths to a kubeconfig. Only required if out-of-cluster.

## Contributing
PRs welcome! Check out the [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md),
[Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md), and [Roadmap](ROADMAP.md) for more information.

## Further Information
A history of changes to this project can be viewed in the [Changelog](CHANGELOG.md)

If you'd like to learn more about Polaris, or if you'd like to speak with
a Kubernetes expert, you can contact `info@reactiveops.com` or [visit our website](https://reactiveops.com)

## License
Apache License 2.0

Commit message:

Add office hours to README

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img src="/pkg/dashboard/assets/images/polaris-logo.png" alt="Polaris Logo" />
  <br>

  [![Version][version-image]][version-link] [![CircleCI][circleci-image]][circleci-link] [![Go Report Card][goreport-image]][goreport-link]
</div>

[version-image]: https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=Version&message=0.1.4&color=239922
[version-link]: https://github.com/reactiveops/polaris

[goreport-image]: https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/reactiveops/polaris
[goreport-link]: https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/reactiveops/polaris

[circleci-image]: https://circleci.com/gh/reactiveops/polaris.svg?style=svg
[circleci-link]: https://circleci.com/gh/reactiveops/polaris.svg

Polaris helps keep your cluster healthy. It runs a variety of checks to ensure that Kubernetes deployments are configured using best practices that will avoid potential problems in the future. The project includes two primary components:

- A dashboard that provides an overview of how well current deployments are configured within a cluster.
- An experimental validating webhook that can prevent any future deployments that do not live up to a configured standard.

**Want to learn more?** ReactiveOps holds [office hours on Zoom](https://zoom.us/j/951540265) the first Friday of every month, at 12pm Eastern. You can also reach out via email at `opensource@reactiveops.com`

## Dashboard

The Polaris dashboard is a way to get a simple visual overview of the current state of your Kubernetes deployments as well as a roadmap for what can be improved. The dashboard provides a cluster wide overview as well as breaking out results by category, namespace, and deployment.

<p align="center">
  <img src="/dashboard-screenshot.png" alt="Polaris Dashboard" />
</p>

Our default standards in Polaris are rather high, so don’t be surprised if your score is lower than you might expect. A key goal for Polaris was to set a high standard and aim for great configuration by default. If the defaults we’ve included are too strict, it’s easy to adjust the configuration as part of the deployment configuration to better suit your workloads.

### Deploying

To deploy Polaris with kubectl:

```
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/reactiveops/polaris/master/deploy/dashboard.yaml
```

Polaris can also be deployed with Helm:

```
helm upgrade --install polaris deploy/helm/polaris/ --namespace polaris
```

### Viewing the Dashboard

Once the dashboard is deployed, it can be viewed by using kubectl port-forward:

```
kubectl port-forward --namespace polaris svc/polaris-dashboard 8080:80
```

With the port forwarding in place, you can open http://localhost:8080 in your browser to view the dashboard.

### Using a Binary Release

If you'd prefer to run Polaris locally, binary releases are available on the [releases page](https://github.com/reactiveops/polaris/releases) or can be installed with [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/):

```
brew tap reactiveops/tap
brew install reactiveops/tap/polaris
```

When running as a binary, Polaris will use your local kubeconfig to connect to a cluster. There are a variety of options available, but the most common usage will likely be to view the dashboard:

```
polaris --dashboard
```

## Webhook

Polaris includes experimental support for an optional validating webhook. This accepts the same configuration as the dashboard, and can run the same validations. This webhook will reject any deployments that trigger a validation error. This is indicative of the greater goal of Polaris, not just to encourage better configuration through dashboard visibility, but to actually enforce it with this webhook. *Although we are working towards greater stability and better test coverage, we do not currently consider this webhook component production ready.*

Unfortunately we have not found a way to display warnings as part of `kubectl` output unless we are rejecting a deployment altogether. That means that any checks with a severity of `warning` will still pass webhook validation, and the only evidence of that warning will either be in the Polaris dashboard or the Polaris webhook logs.

### Deploying

The Polaris webhook can be deployed with kubectl:

```
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/reactiveops/polaris/master/deploy/webhook.yaml
```

Alternatively, the webhook can be enabled with Helm by setting `webhook.enable` to true:

```
helm upgrade --install polaris deploy/helm/polaris/ --namespace polaris --set webhook.enable=true
```

## Configuration

Polaris supports a wide range of validations covering a number of Kubernetes best practices. Here's a sample configuration file that includes all currently supported checks. The [default configuration](https://github.com/reactiveops/polaris/blob/master/examples/config.yaml) contains a number of those checks. This repository also includes a sample [full configuration file](https://github.com/reactiveops/polaris/blob/master/examples/config-full.yaml) that enables all available checks.

Each check can be assigned a `severity`. Only checks with a severity of `error` or `warning` will be validated. The results of these validations are visible on the dashboard. In the case of the validating webhook, only failures with a severity of `error` will result in a change being rejected.

Polaris validation checks fall into several different categories:

- [Health Checks](docs/health-checks.md)
- [Images](docs/images.md)
- [Networking](docs/networking.md)
- [Resources](docs/resources.md)
- [Security](docs/security.md)

## CLI Options

* `config`: Specify a location for the Polaris config
* `dashboard`: Runs the webserver for Polaris dashboard.
* `dashboard-port`: Port for the dashboard webserver (default 8080)
* `webhook`: Runs the webhook webserver.
* `webhook-port`: Port for the webhook webserver (default 9876)
* `disable-webhook-config-installer`: disable the installer in the webhook server, so it won't install webhook configuration resources during bootstrapping
* `kubeconfig`: Paths to a kubeconfig. Only required if out-of-cluster.

## Contributing
PRs welcome! Check out the [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md),
[Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md), and [Roadmap](ROADMAP.md) for more information.

## Further Information
A history of changes to this project can be viewed in the [Changelog](CHANGELOG.md)

If you'd like to learn more about Polaris, or if you'd like to speak with
a Kubernetes expert, you can contact `info@reactiveops.com` or [visit our website](https://reactiveops.com)

## License
Apache License 2.0
