docs/cli.md, before:

---
meta:
  - name: description
    content: "Fairwinds Polaris | Learn your CLI options"
---
#### CLI Options

```
# top-level commands
audit
      Runs a one-time audit.
dashboard
      Runs the webserver for Polaris dashboard.
help
      Prints help, if you give it a command then it will print help for that command. Same as -h
version
      Prints the version of Polaris
webhook
      Runs the webhook webserver

# global flags
-c, --config string                    Location of Polaris configuration file.
-x, --context string                   Set the kube context.
    --disallow-exemptions              Disallow any exemptions from configuration file.
    --disallow-config-exemptions       Disallow exemptions set within the configuration file.
    --disallow-annotation-exemptions   Disallow any exemption defined as a controller annotation.
    --kubeconfig string                Paths to a kubeconfig. Only required if out-of-cluster.
    --log-level string                 Logrus log level. (default "info")

# dashboard flags
    --audit-path string          If specified, audits one or more YAML files instead of a cluster.
    --base-path string           Path on which the dashboard is served. (default "/")
    --display-name string        An optional identifier for the audit.
-h, --help                       help for dashboard
    --listening-address string   Listening Address for the dashboard webserver.
    --load-audit-file string     Runs the dashboard with data saved from a past audit.
-p, --port int                   Port for the dashboard webserver. (default 8080)

# audit flags
    --audit-path string               If specified, audits one or more YAML files instead of a cluster.
    --color                           Whether to use color in pretty format. (default true)
    --display-name string             An optional identifier for the audit.
-f, --format string                   Output format for results - json, yaml, pretty, or score. (default "json")
    --helm-chart string               Will fill out Helm template
    --helm-values string              Optional flag to add helm values
-h, --help                            help for audit
    --only-show-failed-tests          If specified, audit output will only show failed tests.
    --output-file string              Destination file for audit results.
    --output-url string               Destination URL to send audit results.
    --resource string                 Audit a specific resource, in the format namespace/kind/version/name, e.g. nginx-ingress/Deployment.apps/v1/default-backend.
    --set-exit-code-below-score int   Set an exit code of 4 when the score is below this threshold (1-100).
    --set-exit-code-on-danger         Set an exit code of 3 when the audit contains danger-level issues.

# webhook flags
    --disable-webhook-config-installer   disable the installer in the webhook server, so it won't install webhook configuration resources during bootstrapping.
-h, --help                               help for webhook
-p, --port int                           Port for the dashboard webserver. (default 9876)
```

Commit message:

audit check specific checks when passing checks args (#737)
Signed-off-by: krrrr38 <k.kaizu38@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: Robert Brennan <accounts@rbren.io>

docs/cli.md, after:

---
meta:
  - name: description
    content: "Fairwinds Polaris | Learn your CLI options"
---
#### CLI Options

```
# top-level commands
audit
      Runs a one-time audit.
dashboard
      Runs the webserver for Polaris dashboard.
help
      Prints help, if you give it a command then it will print help for that command. Same as -h
version
      Prints the version of Polaris
webhook
      Runs the webhook webserver

# global flags
-c, --config string                    Location of Polaris configuration file.
-x, --context string                   Set the kube context.
    --disallow-exemptions              Disallow any exemptions from configuration file.
    --disallow-config-exemptions       Disallow exemptions set within the configuration file.
    --disallow-annotation-exemptions   Disallow any exemption defined as a controller annotation.
    --kubeconfig string                Paths to a kubeconfig. Only required if out-of-cluster.
    --log-level string                 Logrus log level. (default "info")

# dashboard flags
    --audit-path string          If specified, audits one or more YAML files instead of a cluster.
    --base-path string           Path on which the dashboard is served. (default "/")
    --display-name string        An optional identifier for the audit.
-h, --help                       help for dashboard
    --listening-address string   Listening Address for the dashboard webserver.
    --load-audit-file string     Runs the dashboard with data saved from a past audit.
-p, --port int                   Port for the dashboard webserver. (default 8080)

# audit flags
    --audit-path string               If specified, audits one or more YAML files instead of a cluster.
    --checks stringArray              Optional flag to specify specific checks to check
    --color                           Whether to use color in pretty format. (default true)
    --display-name string             An optional identifier for the audit.
-f, --format string                   Output format for results - json, yaml, pretty, or score. (default "json")
    --helm-chart string               Will fill out Helm template
    --helm-values string              Optional flag to add helm values
-h, --help                            help for audit
    --only-show-failed-tests          If specified, audit output will only show failed tests.
    --output-file string              Destination file for audit results.
    --output-url string               Destination URL to send audit results.
    --resource string                 Audit a specific resource, in the format namespace/kind/version/name, e.g. nginx-ingress/Deployment.apps/v1/default-backend.
    --set-exit-code-below-score int   Set an exit code of 4 when the score is below this threshold (1-100).
    --set-exit-code-on-danger         Set an exit code of 3 when the audit contains danger-level issues.

# webhook flags
    --disable-webhook-config-installer   disable the installer in the webhook server, so it won't install webhook configuration resources during bootstrapping.
-h, --help                               help for webhook
-p, --port int                           Port for the dashboard webserver. (default 9876)
```
