docs/infrastructure-as-code.md, before:

# Infrastructure as Code
> Want to see results for all your IaC repos in one place? Check out
> [Fairwinds Insights](https://www.fairwinds.com/fairwinds-polaris-upgrade)

Polaris can be used on the command line to audit local Kubernetes manifests stored in YAML files.
This is particularly helpful for running Polaris against your infrastructure-as-code as part of a
CI/CD pipeline. Use the available [command line flags](#running-in-a-ci-pipeline)
to cause CI/CD to fail if your Polaris score drops below a certain threshold, or if any danger-level issues arise.


## Install the CLI
To run Polaris against your YAML manifests, e.g. as part of a Continuous Integration process,
you'll need to install the CLI.

Binary releases can be downloaded from the [releases page](https://github.com/fairwindsops/polaris/releases)
or can be installed with [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/):
```bash
brew tap FairwindsOps/tap
brew install FairwindsOps/tap/polaris
polaris version
```

## Running in a CI pipeline
You can tell the CLI to set an exit code if it detects certain issues with your
YAML files.
For example, to fail if polaris detects *any* danger-level issues, or if the score drops below 90%:
```bash
polaris audit --audit-path ./deploy/ \
  --set-exit-code-on-danger \
  --set-exit-code-below-score 90
```

Commit message:

document show only failed test flag

docs/infrastructure-as-code.md, after:

# Infrastructure as Code
> Want to see results for all your IaC repos in one place? Check out
> [Fairwinds Insights](https://www.fairwinds.com/fairwinds-polaris-upgrade)

Polaris can be used on the command line to audit local Kubernetes manifests stored in YAML files.
This is particularly helpful for running Polaris against your infrastructure-as-code as part of a
CI/CD pipeline. Use the available [command line flags](#running-in-a-ci-pipeline)
to cause CI/CD to fail if your Polaris score drops below a certain threshold, or if any danger-level issues arise.


## Install the CLI
To run Polaris against your YAML manifests, e.g. as part of a Continuous Integration process,
you'll need to install the CLI.

Binary releases can be downloaded from the [releases page](https://github.com/fairwindsops/polaris/releases)
or can be installed with [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/):
```bash
brew tap FairwindsOps/tap
brew install FairwindsOps/tap/polaris
polaris version
```

## Running in a CI pipeline

### Set minimum score for an exit code 
You can tell the CLI to set an exit code if it detects certain issues with your YAML files.
For example, to fail if polaris detects *any* danger-level issues, or if the score drops below 90%:
```bash
polaris audit --audit-path ./deploy/ \
  --set-exit-code-on-danger \
  --set-exit-code-below-score 90
```

### Output only showing failed tests
The CLI to gives you ability to display results containing only failed tests. 
For example:
```bash
polaris audit --audit-path ./deploy/ \
  --only-show-failed-tests true
```
